4.4 release (redux) (#1023)
godotengine/godot-website: collections/_release_4_4/entry-highlights-initial-android-editor-support-for-XR-devices.md

---
type: entry
section: highlights
rank: 3
importance: 2
anchor: "android-editor-support-for-XR-devices"
title: "Android editor support for XR devices"
blockquote: Make games <span class="highlight">in VR</span>!
text: |
  Because the Godot Editor itself is a project made with the engine like any other, it can be made available in more unconventional places like the web or on mobile.

  With this release, the first steps have been taken to use OpenXR to transfer the existing Android editor into the context of XR headsets.

>   Currently supported on Meta Quest 3, Quest Pro, and Pico 4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Currently supported on Meta Quest 3, Quest 3S, and Quest Pro.
```
